# The Problem

Computer science and STEM is the future. In a world of AI and increasing automation, we need to ensure that 21st century change-makers have the knowledge and skills necessary for the application and innovation in all fields. We focus on two critical issues with current CS Education: student’s false perception of computer science and a lack of technology resources in classrooms.

49% of US K12 students feel that people who do CS need to be “very smart”, discouraging students from participating. However, this is not the case, as, with the ideal resources and interest in the subject, people can pick up CS in no time. No one should be forced into CS, but we believe that everyone should have the right to give it a go. At the moment, students are not interested in pursuing technological fields because of the false perception that has been embedded in our education system. We’ve even heard such stereotypes coming from leadership at our school, it really hurts us to know that these stereotypes exist. We believe that we were able to prove these stereotypes wrong when so many people came to our Innovation Week (we’ll touch more on this later) at school.

Additionally, classrooms have a severe lack of technology resources. This means that when students attempt to take up CS classes, they cannot experience everything that the subject has to offer. The lack of technology resources in schools has a significant effect on innovative learning and a student’s capability to perform tasks in innovation. This issue perpetuates a divide between communities of different economic statuses. This means that students from less economically developed regions are not exposed to true computer science education. To solve this problem, we other our solution to schools for free.

We believe that our society has created a false paradigm in which STEM fields are for brilliant students, and no one else can even dream of pursuing a career in STEM, even though they would have a passion for it. The lack of technology resources has had a similar effect in which there is a wall formed between the students and their passions. 
